- Xinli TV Culture Investment Co., Ltd.
- Shanghai Tencent Pictures Culture Communication Co., Ltd.
- All the people are in your chess game
- Xinli TV Culture Investment Co., Ltd.,
- Everyone is just a pawn
- ALL
- Combatting people's hearts on the battlefield is the most thrilling
- Fighting people's hearts is the most thrilling
- For the sake of the Kingdom of Qing, even a son is a chess piece
- Fan
- Any adventure for the country is worth it
- Unknown dignitaries unite with Northern Qi
- Middle UN2
- Just to kill me
- Don't put him to death and then live
- How can you be the number one official in the world?
- So this is risking Fan Xian's life
- We women depend on men to live
- And choose the right person
- personal
- The most important way to survive
- If he's going to die
- i want to go with him
- Your life and death are now in my mind
- Great kill
- Our generation needs to focus on the overall situation
- Killing for life is the iron bar of the law
- Dead is just a bodyguard
- just a guard
- The most torment is not the threat
- is hope
- whoever wants to kill me
- I gave him a chance to kill me again
- No matter how hard you struggle
- Can't escape his grasp
- Chen Pingping made a good chess move
- not my game
- Your Majesty is the player in this game of chess
- I don't think there would be Qing Kingdom without these sentient beings.
- I think if there are no such beings,
- No Qingguo
- So I think for these people
- Fight with the truth of this world
- What the hell
- are you finished
- QING YU NIAN
- Season one
- 【Season 4
- the first
- season
- fart
- put
- My lion occupies a state
- I can't pay you back
- Grandson, do you dare to challenge us one-on-one?